hello everyone welcome to what's in your
bag I am Melissa Noah and my co-host for
the day
hello mr. chase Reynolds with Lulu and
rentals comm how's gone doing good
good to see you again see you too and to
my stage left is Brian Smith how's it
going gibberish I've actually never
picked up a Sony a7 and it feels very
similar to Fuji I mean it feels it's
smaller but I didn't expect it to fill
this well it surprisingly is actually
almost exactly the same size as the
olympus bodies that have a micro 4/3
sensors yet they put the full range chip
in it so it's like it's kind of if you
like that form factor but want the
detail and also the the low noise that
you can get from a full friendship it
kind of gets you everything that I was
seeking for a long time and a lot of
people who came into business with me
it's like comments that they say it's
like if I ever have to spend another day
with 22.8 zooms around my shoulders
meeting like a 24 to 70 and 70 to 200
it's like kind of feel like been beat up
at the end of the day and you know
somebody who's at a wedding or a fortune
shoot you don't want to spend them end
of the day Phil at the end of the day
like you you know need to crawl into bed
for a week you want to be fresh and have
fun so well I'm impressed I'm actually
very impressed so there's there's this
body versus you know the Fuji or or the
microphone yep you know what this so why
would you choose this over the others
well I mean to me full frames makes
makes a really big difference that one
of the cool things about it is you can
get tons of different adapters that let
you use all of the legacy lenses that
you may have had sitting around for a
while this is a light 275 1.4 that you
know for the price of anything from you
know 24 to maybe a hundred bucks you get
in and out
and shoot with it I've even I've even
talked to people lately it was like the
you mean I can really like shoot with my
dad's Kodak retina camera with this
thing and it's like yeah you can here's
the adapter so it's to me being able to
shoot with the lenses with the way they
were designed like if if a 50 millimeter
was designed as a 50 it's like why not
shoot with it that's why not have the
cross factor so you need that frame yeah
yeah and also it's like for this year at
photo plus X alone we had a show at the
American Museum of Natural History and
we made 4x6 footprints from this so it's
like small camera but the ability with
the resolution to be able to make a
gigantic print is really really cool Wow
cool well I'm impressed you got no
bracket on here yeah so this is an L
bracket this is a I've actually got a
couple different ones this is uh this is
the really right stuff this is just
their base plate yeah but I'll leave
these things off all the time and it's
actually for me it's just a little bit
extra heft on the camera but also if
you're going into a tripod you don't sit
there trying to screw it in you just
lock it down the camera you've got it's
got a newer L bracket so this thing
actually you can mount it either
horizontally or vertically and again
I'll just leave those I'll leave those
things on whenever I need well Brian
where can work with York I'm on Brian
Smith comms the website it can dig
around there there's sections for books
gear there's a blog every hopefully
everything people are looking for we've
got some of that on there and on Twitter
at Brian Smith photo
you